SPRINT-1639 — Apr 24, 2026
394 words

The battle between Cæ and Relen raged on as the two mages fiercely exerted their magical power at each other. Relen began aggressively hunting him alive with a viscerally offensive magic onslaught while Cæ focused on defense and counter-retaliation, while still ensuring that he pushed her enough to prevent her from getting an advantage in battle. 
That was the goal, after all, since Capture the Flag was a team game where the goal of the outcome was to capture the flag of their opponents and bring back to their territory, not to win individual battles.
while Relen Serlin and Cæ battled it out with everything they had to offer, the rest of the team immediately got to work. 
They knew that they had one and only one goal. 
&quot;Attack their offensive team!&quot; Silian snarled as several magic circles emerged before him, as an onslaught of magic emerged from him, converging on the divination team of their opponents. 
The others followed suit immediately, attacking the divination squad of the Serlin Team as planned. This allowed them to maintain an initiative that prevented the divination squad from being able to group-cast their divination magic, making it extremely difficult for them to cast magic to detect Serulia and the flag that she hid away with her stealth magic.
BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM!!!
Silian attacked them from a medium range, while Dranst attacked them from a long-range distance, entirely separated from the rest of his team. Close-quarters mages like Seol focused on targeting on offensive vanguard that was meant to destroy their defensive squad after the divination squad of the Serlin Team found them.
That was exactly what they were all trying to prevent.
Eight members of the Colohen Team ganged up on six members of the Serlin Team, much to the latter's surprise. Based on the fact that the Colohen Team had a very reasonable divide between offensive and defensive, with a near fifty-fifty divide.
they had not expected the Colohen Team to commit eighty percent of its team on offense, that was even more extreme than that of the Serlin Team's divide.
Not just that, but they had completely dismantled their team groupings. Their battle approcah was much more chaotic than they had expected from their opponents, who otherwise followed a much more orthodox teamwork model. 

Silian Dranst
